Journeyman/selector qube (#40)
microsoft/microsoft-bonsai-api: Python/samples/quanser-qube/README.md

    -b <brain_name> \
    -a Train \
    -c <concept_name> \
    --simulator-name QunaserQube
```

Optionally, run the simulator locally with a visualization:

```bash
python main.py --render
```

## Evaluation

> There's no way to Assess with multi-concept right now, so export the brain and use it with the sim using main.py. Logs will be saved to `/logs` as csv format. The episode configuration(s) are pulled from the `assess_config.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform does not yet support assessment of programmed concepts, so export the brain and use it with the sim using main.py. Logs will be saved to `/logs` as csv format. The episode configuration(s) are pulled from the `assess_config.json` file.
```

Author: thanks, will do!
